Fix `last activity` bug (#5531)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix `last activity` not updating bug in the Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `last activity` not updating when an end device joins for the first time in the Console.
```
